[Intro]
Hi! Thanks for checking out my page. Let's get to know me a little better.
What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
So, I started at uOttawa studying communications.
I did a lot of research, I wrote a lot of papers, learned a lot.
But I realized that, after I graduated,
none of the jobs really got me excited to go to work.
So, I figured why not?
I like art.
And if it worked out, perfect!
And if it didn't, I'd just keep truckin' on.
And I'm here so I guess it worked out.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
I have a bit of an opposing view on the best class.
I personally really liked web dev.
Which was a shocker to me because I'd never done coding before I got into the program,
so I didn't know what I was getting into.
But, I quickly realized that this makes sense in my head.
It's kind of like a puzzle that you have to figure out where the pieces go, and I liked it.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
Aside from graphic design, and I guess similar to graphic design,
most of my hobbies are art related. Shocker.
I've been sewing and knitting since I was about 10,
and I grew up doing crafts with my grandma so
I love crafts like cross-stitching and embroidering cards, and things like that.
SO, pretty much anything craft related that I can make is kind of my schtick.
Thanks again for checking out my page. If you wanted to learn more, check out my website!
[Outro]